Now with that, let's dive into query selectors and projection operators, this is what we'll work with in
this module after all.
For query selectors, we got a couple of categories,
we got comparison, logical, element, evaluation,
array and comments selectors and I will talk about these different categories,
what's inside there and how they differ and how we use them in detail in this module of course.
We also get geospatial selectors which allow us to work with location data and for example, find
out which place is nearest to some coordinates we have and we'll cover that in a special module, the
geospatial module.
Now for projection, we got $elemMatch so $elemMatch and $meta and
$slice and that is also something we will cover in this module
when we talk about projection operators. $meta will not be covered in this module but in
a later module because it is related to indexes,
so this will be covered in the index module.
With that, enough of the theory,
let's dive in and let's start querying our data, use these operators, filters and all these fun things.